Readme.md, before:

## ADEL ography

Tag-line: The story of adelaide

description text


Team name: Bob's gang

Team memebers:

Demo url:

Video url:

Hackerspace url:

### Datasets Used:

* Aquatic Eco System - data.sa
https://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/aquatic-ecosystem-condition-reports


### Local Event Location:
Adelaide

### Script
Adelaide's story, an incredible tale of discovery, adventure and perseverance.
Join us on this interactive tale with AdelOgraphy!

Let's press play on the timeline. Adelaide's story starts in 1838 when Colonel
Light stepped onto the shores of what we call now Glenelg "Glenelg is revealed".
Adelaide was founded soon after as the first non-convict settlement of
Australia. Let's have a look "Adelaide is revealed". Immigrants from all over
the globe start arriving on our shores and establish farms, create businesses and
build railways "railways revealed". The people tell the story "blobs spread
out". Our story is fascinating, AdelOgraphy allows you to explore our history
interactively. Census data tell us who settled where and what they did
"mouse over a blob and see surnames, clicking on a name shows a portrait of
a dude". In 1883 the Adelaide Zoo opens. In 1874 The University of Adelaide was
founded, a place which shines light on our bright future. The first woman to
graduate from the university was from the class of 1885 "portrait is shown". In
1928 the Adelaide Railway Station is completed. Farmlands make way to suburbs,
townships rise and dwindle and communities diversify "blob colours fade to a
less strong colour, indicating the population assimilating."

Eventually, Adelaide becomes the city we all recognise. In 1986 the O-Bahn guided
busway opens. In 1987 the Adelaide Convention Centre opens and in 1991 the
university of South Australia is established. "Various buildings light up"

"Fade to a slideshow"
This story is made available by these sources "list sources". Explore AdelOgraphy
and remember, Adelaide's story is our story, make it great!

Commit message:

Updated readme with dataset links. Updated description.

Readme.md, after:

## ADEL ography

Tag-line: The story of adelaide

ADELography is a temporal and spatial interactive story telling tool. Histroical
datasets help tell the story of Adelaide and South Australia from the beginning
of recorded history. We step through time learning about the key events of
South Australia, and see the migration of people around the surrounding area of
Adelaide.

Team name: Bob's gang

Team members:

Demo url:

Video url:

Hackerspace url: https://2016.hackerspace.govhack.org/content/adelography-story-adelaide

### Datasets Used:

* Census of the Commonwealth of Australia - ABS
http://www.abs.gov.au/AUSSTATS/abs@.nsf/ViewContent?readform&view=ProductsbyCatalogue&Action=Expand&Num=2.2
* Census of Population and Housing - ABS
http://www.abs.gov.au/AUSSTATS/abs@.nsf/ViewContent?readform&view=ProductsbyCatalogue&Action=Expand&Num=2.2
* Portraits and People - National Portrait Collection
https://data.gov.au/dataset/portraits-and-people
* Historic photos of Adelaide - Adelaide City Council
http://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/historic-photos-of-adelaide
* Adelaide Key Historical Event, 1836 - 2005 - Adelaide City Council
http://data.sa.gov.au/data/dataset/adelaide-city-council-key-historical-dates

### Local Event Location:
Adelaide

### Script
Adelaide's story, an incredible tale of discovery, adventure and perseverance.
Join us on this interactive tale with AdelOgraphy!

Let's press play on the timeline. Adelaide's story starts in 1838 when Colonel
Light stepped onto the shores of what we call now Glenelg "Glenelg is revealed".
Adelaide was founded soon after as the first non-convict settlement of
Australia. Let's have a look "Adelaide is revealed". Immigrants from all over
the globe start arriving on our shores and establish farms, create businesses and
build railways "railways revealed". The people tell the story "blobs spread
out". Our story is fascinating, AdelOgraphy allows you to explore our history
interactively. Census data tell us who settled where and what they did
"mouse over a blob and see surnames, clicking on a name shows a portrait of
a dude". In 1883 the Adelaide Zoo opens. In 1874 The University of Adelaide was
founded, a place which shines light on our bright future. The first woman to
graduate from the university was from the class of 1885 "portrait is shown". In
1928 the Adelaide Railway Station is completed. Farmlands make way to suburbs,
townships rise and dwindle and communities diversify "blob colours fade to a
less strong colour, indicating the population assimilating."

Eventually, Adelaide becomes the city we all recognise. In 1986 the O-Bahn guided
busway opens. In 1987 the Adelaide Convention Centre opens and in 1991 the
university of South Australia is established. "Various buildings light up"

"Fade to a slideshow"
This story is made available by these sources "list sources". Explore AdelOgraphy
and remember, Adelaide's story is still being written, make it great!
